21 June 2016 On the occasion of International Yoga Day,
create history of Yoga. Bring respect to
India on the world stage by becoming a part of the world record.
Attempt for world record by Patanjali workers. World record of doing more
than 60 and more than 10000 pushups continuously with 28 kg weight in one minute.
World record of Shirshasana for more than 100 minutes. World record of doing more than 1200
Surya Namaskars continuously. World record of
group yoga of more than one lakh people.
On the occasion of International Yoga Day on 21 June, a huge free yoga therapy and meditation
camp was
organized. By spreading the message of yoga to more than 100 crore people in the entire world including India
and
to about 200 countries of the world, Mahayogi, Yug Drishti, revered
yoga sage Swami Ramdev Ji
Maharaj, who has given a new life to crores of people suffering from diseases like cancer, obesity, BP, sugar, arthritis, asthma and depression by freeing them from diseases and addiction etc., is visiting HUDA Ground
Sector 12, Faridabad, Haryana from 17th to 21st June.
In the five day free yoga camp, you will get benefit
only from yoga.  In a few days,
people suffering from obesity lose 3 to 5 kg weight
and underweight people gain weight.
Also, problems like BP, sugar, cholesterol, calcium,
iron, depression, gas, constipation, acidity,
allergy, headache and sleeping pills are eliminated.
Yoga provides a way to get rid of operations of eyes, nose, ears, teeth, throat,
thyroid, heart, liver, kidney, uterus,
lumps, all types of tumors, waist, hip,
knee etc.
So, let us
not let this good fortune go by, such an opportunity may
not come again. To make the future of yourself, your children and the nation
bright, do
participate in the free yoga camp. To
cooperate in organizing the camp and for more information,
contact 9711 5238 76 971 0811 9768 764 91360 4197 9419 9737 12240 97128 4325 971 8457 971 844 5373
971 845401